                      Devel::ObjectTracker  0.1

 (Perl debug extension which tracks object life to help detect memory leaks)

INTRODUCTION

  This module grew out of investigations into memory leaks within large
  applications. It creates output files which can help find where perl
  objects are created or destroyed and being left behind in your programs
  when you dont expect them to be.

  See the POD documentation for complete details, features, and usage.

PREREQUESITES

  perl 5.00503 or above  

INSTALLATION

  Unpack the archive and change into subdirectory ObjectTracker-xxx
  The type the following commands:
	
      perl Makefile.PL
      make
      make test
      make install

  The module is pure Perl and should install OK via the CPAN module.

LEGAL ISSUES

  Copyright (c) 2001 Siemens Business Services.  All rights reserved.
  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the same terms as Perl itself.

  Because this module is distributed free of charge, there is no warranty
  for this module to the extent permitted by the applicable law.
  This module is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
  expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied
  warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
  The entire risk as to the quality and performance of this module rests
  with you.  Should this module prove defective, you assume the cost
  of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. In no event unless
  required by the applicable law will the copyright holder, or any
  other party who may modify and/or redistribute the program or this
  module be liable to you for damages, including any general, special,
  incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability
  to use this module (including but not limited to loss of data or data
  being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties)
  or a failure of this module to operate with any other program even
  if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility
  of such damages

  Siemens Business Services

AUTHOR

   John Clutterbuck, john.clutterbuck@sbs.siemens.co.uk
